docs(framework): Update quickstart Transformers tutorial (#5877)
adap/flower: framework/docs/source/tutorial-quickstart-huggingface.rst

The ClientApp
-------------

The main changes we have to make to use 🤗 Hugging Face with Flower have to do with
converting the |arrayrecord_link|_ received in the |message_link|_ into a PyTorch
``state_dict`` and vice versa when generating the reply ``Message`` from the ClientApp.
We can make use of the built-in methods in the ``ArrayRecord`` to make these
conversions:

.. code-block:: python

    # Load the model
    net = AutoModelForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained(
        model_name, num_labels=num_labels
    )

>     # Extract ArrayRecord from Message, convert to PyTorch state_dict, and load it into the model
>     net.load_state_dict(msg.content["arrays"].to_torch_state_dict())
> 
>     # ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Extract ArrayRecord from Message and convert to PyTorch state_dict,
    state_dict = msg.content["arrays"].to_torch_state_dict()
    # Load state_dict into the model
    net.load_state_dict(state_dict)

    # ... do some training
```

Clarifying slightly the steps
